---
title: Introduction
navigation: true
layout: page
---

<style>
body {
  font-family: 'Poppins', sans-serif;
}
</style>

## Motivation

**serenity** was created to simplify the project setup process by providing users with a diverse collection of pre-built templates. Our goal is to enable developers to quickly configure their projects and deploy them with just one click. Whether you're launching a new web application, API service, or any other type of project, serenity is designed to save you hours of initial setup time.

With [serenity](https://github.com/Abhishek-Mallick/serenity), you can focus on what truly matters—building your application—while we handle the boilerplate setup. Enjoy seamless integration and customization options that adapt to your specific needs, ensuring a smooth development experience from start to finish.

## Features

- **Easily Scaffold Your Project from a List of 50+ Configured Templates:** Select the perfect template tailored to your needs and kickstart your development process in no time.
- **Easy and Fast Installation Process**: Quickly scaffold new projects with minimal setup time using intuitive command-line instructions.
- **Comprehensive Documentation**: Each template includes a detailed documentation that provides step-by-step guidance on setup, customization, and usage.
- **Fully Customizable**: Tailor templates to meet your specific needs and preferences.
- **One-Click Deployments**: Simplify your workflow with one-click deployment options (to be released).
- **Follows Industry Standards**: Built with best practices in mind to ensure robust and maintainable applications.
- **Regular Updates**: All dependencies are kept up to date, with templates updated every week for relevance.

## Creators

serenity is developed and maintained by [Abhishek Mallick](https://github.com/Abhishek-Mallick) along with contributions from the community. We believe in open-source collaboration and welcome contributions from developers around the world.

## Community Support

Join our community on [Discord](https://discord.gg/) to ask questions, share ideas, or contribute to the project. We value feedback and collaboration!

## License

This project is licensed under the [Apache License 2.0](https://github.com/Abhishek-Mallick/serenity/blob/main/LICENSE).

---

[serenity](https://github.com/Abhishek-Mallick/serenity)